many people are stumped by the parking
spot number because the number 16 668 88
and 98 have no discernable pattern to
solve the problem you have to think
about it from the cars perspective the
car would have been driving into the
spots and we need to flip the diagram
upside down now the numbers have a clear
pattern and it's obvious the car would
have been part in spot number 87 this is
the trick to solve the remaining puzzles
when we flip the diagram upside down we
see that the car in the second problem
would have been parked in spot number
607 for the third problem we do the same
thing now we see the number 16 18 and 19
so the missing numbers would be 17 20
and 21 did you solve the puzzle I hope
you liked this video please subscribe to
my channel I make videos on math and
game theory you can catch me on my blog
9 your decisions which you can follow on
Facebook Google+ and patreon you can
also catch me at pressure Walker on
social media and if you like this video
please check out my books about math
puzzles and game theory there's a link
in the video description thanks for
watching